By the way, Chusheng brother
You haven't told me what love poison is
Once poisoned
The history of love is ruined
A thousand arrows pierce the heart
If not emotional
Don't ruin everyone
I just want you to love each other
Never be with each other
I'm going to make you feel bad when you're dead
Chu Chen brother
Why don't you speak?
Oh, why?
Xiaoxue, let's go home first
Chicken soup is here hahaha
Xiaoxue is pregnant and specially made chicken soup for you
Drink it while it's hot, haha.
Auntie, you are so kind to me.
Why is it still called auntie?
I'm going to change my name to mom.
Mom, hahaha, drink it
Brother Chu Chen, why don't you speak?
Chu Chen brother
Why is that?
Xiaoxue, let me feed you a few sips
Brother Chu Chen, you are so kind to me.
Ah ah snow
Xiaoxue, what's wrong with you Xiaoxue Xiaoxue
Chen'er, your husband is sick, why are you still going out?
As soon as my brother Chen leaves
I'll be fine.
What's going on here?